README.md, before:

Hi there 👋

I'm Matteo Badenchini and I'm a Computer Science and Engineering Student at Politecnico di Milano. I am currently working on a Master Thesis on Process Discovery using Graph Neural Netowrks to learn the graph representation of industrial processes. While at the Bachelor level my studies concerned Software Engineering, during my Master I mainly focused on Machine (Deep) Learning, Data Science and Game Theory.

🎓 Education:
Bachelor of Science in Computer Science and Engineering at Politecnico di Milano

📌 Projects:
- <a href="https://github.com/bade27/SagradaProject"> Sagrada </a>: 
  Final (group) project of my Bachelor Degree. It is a Java implementation of the board game Sagrada. 
- <a href="https://github.com/bade27/Computer_Graphics_Project"> Arkanoid 3D </a>:
  3D implementation of the arcade game Arkanoid using Javascript and WebGL


📢 Contacts:

My <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/matteo-badenchini-a3a252204"> LinkedIn <a> profile <br>
My email: matteo.badenchini [at] protonmail [dot] com

Commit message:

added few profiles
leetcode and kaggle

README.md, after:

Hi there 👋

I'm Matteo Badenchini and I'm a Computer Science and Engineering Student at Politecnico di Milano. I am currently working on a Master Thesis on Process Discovery using Graph Neural Netowrks to learn the graph representation of industrial processes. While at the Bachelor level my studies concerned Software Engineering, during my Master I mainly focused on Machine (Deep) Learning, Data Science and Game Theory.

🎓 Education: <br>
  Bachelor of Science in Computer Science and Engineering at Politecnico di Milano

📌 Projects:
  - <a href="https://github.com/bade27/SagradaProject"> Sagrada </a>: 
    Final (group) project of my Bachelor Degree. It is a Java implementation of the board game Sagrada
  - <a href="https://github.com/bade27/Computer_Graphics_Project"> Arkanoid 3D </a>:
    3D implementation of the arcade game Arkanoid using Javascript and WebGL

📢 Contacts: <br>
  My <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/matteo-badenchini-a3a252204"> LinkedIn <a> profile <br>
  My email: matteo.badenchini [at] protonmail [dot] com

💻 Other Profiles:
  - <a href="https://leetcode.com/bade27"> LeetCode </a>
  - <a href="https://www.kaggle.com/matteobadenchini"> Kaggle </a>
